TimeStep
In the anisotropic diffusion filter hierarchy, the time step is set explicitly by the user. The time step referred to here corresponds exactly to $ \Delta t $ in the finite difference update equation described in FiniteDifferenceImageFilter (see itkFiniteDifferenceImageFilter for more information). Appropriate time steps for solving this type of p.d.e. depend on the dimensionality of the image and the order of the equation. Stable values for most 2D and 3D functions are 0.125 and 0.0625, respectively, when the pixel spacing is unity or is turned off. In general, you should keep the time step below $(PixelSpacing)/2^{N+1}$, where $N$ is the number of image dimensions. A filter will automatically attempt to constrain its time step to a stable value and generate a run-time warning if the time step is set too high.
Conductance Parameter
The conductance parameter controls the sensitivity of the conductance term in the basic anisotropic diffusion equation. It affects the conductance term in different ways depending on the particular variation on the basic equation. As a general rule, the lower the value, the more strongly the diffusion equation preserves image features (such as high gradients or curvature). A high value for conductance will cause the filter to diffuse image features more readily. Typical values range from 0.5 to 2.0 for data like the Visible Human color data, but the correct value for your application is wholly dependent on the results you want from a specific data set and the number or iterations you perform.

[1]: Perona P, Malik J. Scale-space and edge detection using anisotropic diffusion[J]. Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, IEEE Transactions on, 1990, 12(7): 629-639.
